### SALT PACKAGE ###

A valid salt PACKAGE is at least a single yml file. The .pak file is optional, if there is a lot of data.
```
[PACKAGENAME]-[VERSION].yml
[PACKAGENAME]-[VERSION].pak
  /data              //Data folder which holds all relevant data
```

All downloaded PACKAGES are copyed into the salt install cache.
_Note: This design allows offline installing, i.e. pre downloading/caching._



## SALT YML FILE ##

The SALT YML FILE is a file in the yaml format, an xml like format, with low overhead.
The SALT YML FILE includes all necessary information about a package - like dependecies, version information, description, genre type and install instructions.
Also, for little packages like stdLib, the source code is included in this file.


## SALT install instructions ##

SALT bases on the concept of a package manager like APT. So the salt core design is not limited to std Lib files.
Therefore, install instructions must be defined. The file Install.sis holds the specified instructions. Dependecies must NOT be handled here, as they are handled(cheched,updated, installed) by saltservice before.

The install instructions are a set of very basic commands;
```
// I'm a comment
#copy, /data/stdlib.ahk, %stdlib%\stdlib.ahk
#copy, /data/folder, /destfolder
#exec, /my_own_installer.exe
```
If a PACKAGE needs more control over installation process, the #exec command should be used to start a user definied exe or ahk script. This limts salt in some ways, minory in the deinstallation process, which bases on the install instructions.

## SALT PACKAGE UNINSTALL ##

First, a PACKAGE can only be uninstalled, if there arn't any other Packages, which depend on it. On the other hand, PACKAGES which has installed other PACKAGES, may uninstall these too for cleanup purposes.

The uninstall process is the reverse of the installation script (so it's autogenerated by the installation as "Installation Log") ~ or a user defined ahk/exe file.